---
ID: 70
post_title: 'EyeDetect &#8211; Premier Service Provider'
author: Administrator
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
permalink: http://www.apolygraph.com/eyedetect/
published: true
post_date: 2017-09-15 06:41:49
---
<h4 style="text-align: center;"><strong>Check out this Denver Business Journal interview with one of our very own examiners, Jason Page (JP)!  <a href="https://goo.gl/645wCZ" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Link to Article</a></strong></h4>
<h2 style="text-align: center;"><strong>1<sup>ST</sup> Provider in Colorado to offer EyeDetect - A New Technology for Hiring and Screening</strong></h2>
<p style="font-size: 14.4px; text-align: center;"><em>EyeDetect Helps Companies, Law Enforcement &amp; Governmental Agencies Screen &amp; Assess Candidates</em></p>
<p style="font-size: 14.4px; text-align: justify;"><span style="font-size: 14.4px;">Englewood, CO– December 13, 2016 – Accountability Polygraph Services announces it is the first Colorado company and one of only a few in the nation to offer groundbreaking lie detection technology available as a hiring and screening tool for certain private companies, law enforcement and governmental agencies.</span></p>
<p style="font-size: 14.4px; text-align: justify;"><span style="font-size: 14.4px;">This week, Accountability Polygraph Services will introduce EyeDetect in Colorado – the world’s first nonintrusive lie detection technology that accurately detects deception in 30 minutes by analyzing eye behavior. The technology will be available for certain companies and local, state and federal agencies that need to screen potential job candidates, assess employees or monitor parolees, including sex offenders and probationers.</span></p>
<p style="font-size: 14.4px; text-align: justify;"><span style="font-size: 14.4px;">“This new tool will provide law enforcement and governmental agencies and some private Colorado businesses with an accurate and efficient process for hiring and screening candidates,” said Gale Page, president, Accountability Polygraph Services. “Because of its reliability and ease, we know this will be a sought-after technology and we look forward to delivering it to clients throughout the Denver Metro Area and the state of Colorado.”</span></p>
<p style="font-size: 14.4px; text-align: justify;"><span style="font-size: 14.4px;">An EyeDetect test takes approximately 30 minutes, and pass/fail results are generated within 10 minutes. Applicants answer a series of true/false questions on a computer screen while a high-definition, infrared eye-tracking camera monitors involuntary eye behavior — including pupil dilation, blink rate and other eye movements — to detect deception.</span></p>
<p style="font-size: 14.4px; text-align: justify;"><span style="font-size: 14.4px;">The EyeDetect technology was developed by Converus to help automate and greatly streamline the credibility assessment phase of the hiring process — especially for agencies that currently use Law Enforcement Pre-Employment Tests (LEPET). Due to the cost and minimal availability of polygraph examiners, some police departments in the past turned to Computerized Voice Stress Analyzer (CVSA) as a tool for vetting candidates.</span></p>
<p style="font-size: 14.4px; text-align: justify;"><span style="font-size: 14.4px;">“Unfortunately, scientific studies indicate that CVSA is only 50-65 percent accurate. Plus, it lacks peer-reviewed research,” said Converus president and CEO Todd Mickelsen. “With EyeDetect, law enforcement agencies, private companies and others now have an accurate, fast, nonintrusive, unbiased and automated solution they can utilize quickly and effectively.”</span></p>
<p style="font-size: 14.4px; text-align: justify;"><span style="font-size: 14.4px;">Field tests show EyeDetect is 85 percent accurate, which Mickelsen says makes it the most accurate screening method currently on the market. One of the scientists behind the invention of EyeDetect, Dr. John Kircher, is also credited with inventing the first computerized polygraph in 1991.</span></p>
<p style="font-size: 14.4px; text-align: justify;"><span style="font-size: 14.4px;">EyeDetect can be administered by trained EyeDetect service providers, or agencies and organizations can be trained to administer the EyeDetect screenings.</span></p>
<p style="font-size: 14.4px; text-align: justify;"><span style="font-size: 14.4px;">Accountability Polygraph Services is one of only 18 providers in the U.S. offering this technology. EyeDetect is currently being utilized in Mexico, Central America, South America, Europe, the Middle East and Africa.</span></p>
<p style="font-size: 14.4px; text-align: justify;"><strong style="font-size: 14.4px;">About </strong><strong style="font-size: 14.4px;">Accountability Polygraph Services</strong></p>
<p style="font-size: 14.4px; text-align: justify;"><span style="font-size: 14.4px;">Accountability Polygraph Services (APS) was established in 1993 and continues to provide all types of polygraph and lie detection services for clients throughout the state of Colorado, including EyeDetect, the world’s first nonintrusive lie detection technology. Accountability Polygraph Services provides clients with the most comprehensive understanding of the exam process and then ultimately provides an examination and report that is clear, accurate and timely</span></p>
<p style="font-size: 14.4px; text-align: justify;"><span style="font-size: 14.4px;">For more information, please visit </span><a style="font-size: 14.4px;" href="http://www.apolygraph.com/">www.apolygraph.com</a><span style="font-size: 14.4px;">.</span></p>